[DOCS] YCQL/YSQL snapshots fixes (#5432)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/manage/backup-restore/_index.md

    <a class="section-link icon-offset" href="snapshot-ysql">
      <div class="head">
        <img class="icon" src="/images/section_icons/manage/backup.png" aria-hidden="true" />
        <div class="title">Distributed snapshot and restore data</div>
      </div>
      <div class="body">

>         This section describes how to use distributed snapshots for backup and restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This section describes how to back up and restore data using distributed snapshots.
```
